Mention that removal from Active list is a removal from Association: Chief's Report from 03/04/1976.

Common comments for members with limited information:
   Last reference in minutes - 
   Obligated prior to 1950 - 
   Obligated prior to 1950 - Only reference is to the death notice.
   All information on membership is prior to 1950.
   Only reference in the minutes was the death announcement.
   Minutes reference member obligation, then no further mentions.
   Removed for failure to complete active training.



THINGS TO DO:

Structural:
    Removed, deceased (Y/N) - date optional


Membership Selection:
    Add parameters: -Obligated window, deceased (Y/N) 

Membership Info:
    Expand Image of Card
	Delete functionality (waiting for Office and Dues).
		- Upon delete, add warning to change status instead.  DELETE IS BAD.  Should only be for fixing entry issues.
	Report printout of member needed
	Report printout of membership grid.


Offices Held:
	Add/Edit/Delete functionality

Dues Collection:


Dues Card Report:
	Format the report to line up with the dues cards.
		5) Add instructions on how to load the cards into the printer and how to print on both sides.


Dues Warning Report:
	Format the report like the forms used in the past.

Dues Notification Report format

Lineup the address labels

Officers:


Meeting Attendance:
	Header info for date, time, location (default to Global Variable), description, purpose
	Make a ListView in a Wrappanel like the office history.  
	List Item is (Chkbox) (Lastname, Firstname).
	Click on the list item and the checkbox will toggle its value.
	Add/Edit/Delete functionality needed in the parameter area.
	Report printout possibility.


Reports:
	Member 
		1) Member details.  Dates, offices, dues, sponsors, meetings, etc...
		2) Current members without an email address.
		3) Members by status.
	Officers
		1) Current officers, or officers by year.
		2) Office history (by year)
	Dues
		1) Collection amount for a given year
	Meetings
		1) Blank attendance sheet with every name that has been at any meeting in the past 2 years.  Plus some write-in spots.
		2) Monthly attendance for the year by member. (used for voting)
		3) Sheet for who was at a given meeting.  (selection of meeting to print?)



Organization Information:
	Add this to the toolbar for:
		1) Name and address of the Association
		2) Logo to be used in reports


System Configuration:
	UI for a Global Variables section (if any)
	UI for lookup tables (add/edit/delete)
		1) Office List
		2) Membership status and dues.
		3) Membership Types and the dues amounts.
		4) Member Removal Codes when status changes to (4)Removed


Common:
	Setup ENUMs for "magic numbers"
	Look into setting up common styles for UI controls and setting it up in a common area for use.
	Add a linkId in the MEMBER_List table to link to a person's removel code.
	Set up referential integraty to DB tables.



LEAVE OPEN THE POSSIBILITY FOR A POINTS BASED ATTENDANCE SYSTEM.




Just in case:
Web site to explain the ReportViewer version issue with regards to adding parameters to the rdlc files.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45090487/rdlc-report-stop-working-after-change-visual-studio-2015-to-visual-studio-2017

Dapper Documentation:
https://github.com/StackExchange/Dapper/blob/master/Readme.md

Dapper Contrib Documentation;
https://dapper-tutorial.net/insert
